good news Prime we have enough energy
supply the power to ship oh so now
you're trying to ruin the front Prime no
we're not trying to ruin the front RC
but he's kind it back to the plan to
restore peace what rocky said story to
try but Ron I'm gonna miss you guys all
don't worry Sam what come back and visit
you one day I know you guys are the best
i love you all we love you too Sam the
Megatron other Decepticons energy
stinker can't be weird they makes it
even safe for us to leave this play
alone
my fellow this I've called you here
today to remind you guys that the
planned attack that we are going to do
on the other body headquarters we're
going to spill they ever supply a bit of
God oh boy we're gonna get our butts
kicked we are gonna be one chicken butt
today black Arachnia ha in your face
whatever I have plan for big yellow to
attack the Autobots first big yellow
move out affirmative Metatron shape
you guys need to get up why we need to
move out move out
Prime I'm back no RC baby no saving for
optimus oh so you think I want suit your
head off Megatron don't I want you in
the supply of Energon um too bad if you
just give it to me without a fight I'll
let you live Oh rock I will never give
you the energy on supply will die
you